Resolution approving the Lease Termination Agreement for Terminal 3, Boarding
Area F Food and Beverage Concession Lease 6, Lease No. 16-0341 between Gate 74,
Inc. and the City and County of San Francisco acting by and through its Airport
Commission, effective upon approval of this Resolution.
WHEREAS, On , by , the Airport
Commission (Commission) awarded the Terminal 3 Boarding Area F Food and Beverage
Concession Lease 6, Lease No. 16-0314 (Lease) to Gate 74, Inc. dba Pie Five Pizza (Tenant)
with an initial minimum annual guarantee of for $250,000 and a six-year term, with two one
year options to extend the term exercisable by the Commission at its sole and absolute
discretion; and
WHEREAS, On , by , the Board of Supervisors
approved the Lease; and
WHEREAS, On , the Airport continued the Lease on a month-to
month holdover basis; and
WHEREAS, Due to the requirements of SFO's Terminal 3 West Modernization Project,
the Airport closed the original premises, and rather than terminating the Lease, Airport staff
relocated the premises pursuant to the terms of the Lease to a new location under the
concept of Sushirrito in the Terminal 3 hub food court to preserve needed food and beverage
service in Boarding Area F, in anticipation of increased flight activity in the terminal; and
WHEREAS, On , by , the Commission
exercised the first of two one-year options to extend the term of the Lease through
; and
WHEREAS, On , by , Airport Commission
authorized a one-time reimbursement amount of $320,891.70 in the form of rental credit to
Tenant in connection with the cost of relocation; and
WHEREAS, On , by the Commission
exercised the second and final one-year option to continue the term of the Lease through
; and
WHEREAS, On , Tenant informed Airport Staff that the Sushirrito's San
Francisco franchisor entity was closing permanently and filing for bankruptcy, with Tenant
unable to receive brand items, operational or supply chain support from the appropriate
source, rendering continued operations at SFO impossible; and
WHEREAS, The ongoing construction of Terminal 3 Modernization Project in the
surrounding area has also resulted in Sushirrito underperforming on a sales per square foot
basis since opening in that location; and
WHEREAS, Due to these difficulties, the Airport and Tenant have negotiated a Lease
Termination Agreement which provides for a termination of the Lease and for the Tenant to
surrender the premises; and
WHEREAS, On , by , the Commission approved
the Lease Termination Agreement; now, therefore, be it
RESOLVED, That this Board of Supervisors hereby approves the Lease Termination
Agreement for the Terminal 3 Boarding Area F Food and Beverage Concession Lease 6,
Lease No. 16-0314 to Gate 74, Inc, a copy of which is on file with the Clerk of the Board of
Supervisors in ; and, be it
FURTHER RESOLVED, That within thirty (30) days of the Lease Termination
Agreement being fully-executed by all parties, the Airport Commission shall provide the final
agreement to the Clerk of the Board for inclusion into the official file.
City and County of San Francisco
City Hall
Dr. Carlton B. Goodlett Place
Tails
San Francisco, CA 94102-4689
Resolution
File Number: 260440 Date Passed: 
Resolution approving the Lease Termination Agreement for Terminal 3, Boarding Area F Food and
Beverage Concession Lease 6, Lease No. 16-0341 between Gate 74, Inc. and the City and County of
San Francisco acting by and through its Airport Commission, effective upon approval of this Resolution.
 Budget and Finance Committee - RECOMMENDED
 Board of Supervisors -ADOPTED
Ayes: 10 -Chan, Chen, Dorsey, Mahmood, Mandelman, Melgar, Sauter, Sherrill,
Walton and Wong
Excused: 1 - Fielder
 I hereby certify that the foregoing
Resolution was ADOPTED on by
the Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Clerk of the Board
I I
r; i,
Daniel Lurie Date Approved
Mayor
City and County of San Francisco Page 1 Printed at 12:05 pm 011