Resolution retroactively authorizing the Police Department to execute an amendment
to the grant agreement with the Board of State and Community Corrections for the
Organized Retail Theft Prevention Grant Program, extending the grant term from
, for a new grant term of , through , with no
change to the grant amount of $15,326,301.
WHEREAS, On , the Board of Supervisors adopted Ordinance
No. 001-24, retroactively authorizing the Police Department to accept and expend a grant in
the amount of $15,326,301 from the Board of State and Community Corrections (BSCC) for
the Organized Retail Theft Prevention Grant Program for the period of ,
through ; and
WHEREAS, The original BSCC Organized Retail Theft Prevention Grant Agreement
provided for a grant term of , through , and a grant amount of
$15,326,301; and
WHEREAS, The BSCC and the Police Department have entered into Amendment
No. 1 to that Grant Agreement, which extends the agreement term through , with
no change to the grant amount of $15,326,301; and
WHEREAS, Under Amendment No. 1, all project expenses must be incurred by
, and the additional period through , allows for completion of
required reporting and other closeout activities; and
WHEREAS, The BSCC requires approval by the Board of Supervisors for amendments
to the grant agreement; and
WHEREAS, The proposed amendment does not increase the grant amount previously
approved by the Board of Supervisors nor expand the scope of authorized expenditures, but
instead extends the agreement term to allow for full expenditure of remaining grant funds and
completion of required grant activities; now, therefore, be it
RESOLVED, That the Board of Supervisors hereby retroactively authorizes the Chief of
Police to execute Amendment No. 1 to the grant agreement with the BSCC for the Organized
Retail Theft Prevention Grant Program, extending the grant term from , to
, with no change to the grant amount of $15,326,301; and, be it
FURTHER RESOLVED, That the Board of Supervisors authorizes the Police
Department to continue to comply with the terms and conditions of the amended grant
agreement as set forth by the BSCC; and, be it
FURTHER RESOLVED, That the Board of Supervisors authorizes the Chief of Police,
or his designee, to execute future no-cost extensions and amendments to the grant
agreement; and, be it
FURTHER RESOLVED, That within 30 days of the amendment being fully executed,
the Police Department shall provide a copy of the final amended grant agreement to the Clerk
of the Board of Supervisors for inclusion in the official file.
RECOMMENDED:
Isl
Chief Derrick J. Lew
City and County of San Francisco
City Hall
I Dr. Carlton B. Goodlett Place
Tails
San Francisco, CA 94102-4689
Resolution
File Number: 260455 Date Passed: 
Resolution retroactively authorizing the Police Department to execute an amendment to the grant
agreement with the Board of State and Community Corrections for the Organized Retail Theft
Prevention Grant Program, extending the grant term from , for a new grant term of , through , with no change to the grant amount of $15,326,301.
 Budget and Finance Committee - RECOMMENDED
 Board of Supervisors -ADOPTED
Ayes: 10 -Chan, Chen, Dorsey, Mahmood, Mandelman, Melgar, Sauter, Sherrill,
Walton and Wong
Excused: 1 -Fielder
 I hereby certify that the foregoing
Resolution was ADOPTED on by
the Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco.
C'"!
Angela Calvillo
Clerk of the Board
GI 11 / ib
Date Approved
City a11d Cou11ty ofS a11 Fra11cisco Page I Pri11ted at 10:17 am 0116/10/16