Resolution approving for purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
authorizing the execution and delivery of a multifamily housing revenue note in one or
more series in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $18,736,700 for the
purpose of providing financing for the rehabilitation of a 71-unit (plus one manager's
unit) multifamily rental housing project located at 1820 Post Street, known as "Golden
Gate Apartments"; approving the form of and authorizing the execution of a funding
loan agreement, providing the terms and conditions of the loan from the funding lender
to the City, and the execution and delivery of the note; approving the form of and
authorizing the execution of a project loan agreement providing the terms and
conditions of the loan from the City to Golden Gate Apartments, LP. ("Borrower");
approving the form of and authorizing the execution of a regulatory agreement and
declaration of restrictive covenants; authorizing the collection of certain fees;
approving modifications, changes and additions to the documents, as defined herein;
ratifying and approving any action heretofore taken in connection with the back-to
back loans, the note and the project, as defined herein; and granting general authority
to City officials to take actions necessary to implement this Resolution and related
matters, as defined herein.
WHEREAS, The Board of Supervisors of the City and County of San Francisco (the
"Board") desires to provide for the financing of a portion of the costs of the acquisition and
rehabilitation by Golden Gate Apartments, L.P., a California limited partnership (the
"Borrower"), of a 71-unit (plus one manager's unit) residential rental development project
expected to be located at 1820 Post Street, San Francisco, California 94115, known as
"Golden Gate Apartments" (the "Project"), to provide housing for persons and families of low
income through the issuance of a multifamily housing revenue note in one or more series
which may be taxable or tax-exempt (collectively, the "Note"); and
WHEREAS, The City and County of San Francisco (the "City") is authorized to issue
revenue notes for such purpose pursuant to the Charter of the City, Article I of Chapter 43 of
the Administrative Code of the City and, to the extent applicable, Chapter 7 of Part 5 of
Division 31 (commencing with Section 52075) of the California Health and Safety Code, as
now in effect and as they may from time to time hereafter be amended or supplemented
(collectively, the "Act"); and
WHEREAS, The Interest on the Note may qualify for federal tax exemption under the
Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended (the "Code"), only if the Note is approved in
accordance with Section 147(f) of the Code; and
WHEREAS, The Board is the elected legislative body of the City and is the applicable
elected representative authorized to approve the execution and delivery of the Note within the
meaning of Section 147(f) of the Code; and
WHEREAS, The Project is located wholly within the City; and
WHEREAS, On , the City caused a notice stating that a public
hearing with respect to the issuance of multifamily affordable housing mortgage revenue
bonds or notes and their respective projects, pursuant to plans of financing, would be held by
the Mayor's Office of Housing and Community Development ("MOHCD") on ,
to be published and appear in the Notices section of the MOHCD's website (at
https://sf.gov/information/mohcd-department-notices), which is on file with the Clerk of the
Board of Supervisors (the "Clerk of the Board") and incorporated herein by reference; and
WHEREAS, At the date and time and the location specified in such notice the MOHCD
held such public hearing at which an opportunity was provided for persons to comment on the
plan of financing; and
WHEREAS, On , the Board adopted its ,
authorizing the Mayor of the City (the "Mayor") to execute and deliver a certificate or other
written instrument in the name of and on behalf of the City (an "Inducement Certificate"),
without further action of the Board, for the purposes of (i) declaring the intent of the City to
reimburse certain expenditures of a multifamily rental housing project from proceeds of future
bonded indebtedness, and (ii) authorizing the Director (the "Director") of the Mayor's Office of
Housing and Community Development ("MOHCD") to submit an application to the California
Debt Limit Allocation Committee ("CDLAC") to permit the issuance of bonded indebtedness
for a multifamily rental housing project, and the Mayor approved such resolution on
; and
WHEREAS, On , the Mayor executed and delivered an Inducement
Certificate declaring the intent of the City to reimburse certain Project expenditures from
proceeds of future tax-exempt multifamily housing revenue bonds for purposes of
Section 1.150-2 of the U.S. Treasury Regulations, and authorizing the Director to submit an
application to the CDLAC to permit the issuance of tax-exempt bonded indebtedness; and
WHEREAS, On , the California Debt Limit Allocation Committee
("CDLAC") in its Resolution Number 25-354, allocated an amount not to exceed $18,736,700
(the "Allocation Amount") in qualified private activity volume cap to the Project; and
WHEREAS, The documentation required for the execution and delivery of the Note is
on file with the Clerk of the Board; and
WHEREAS, Each of the documents now before the Board in is
substantially in final form and is an appropriate instrument to be executed and delivered for
the purposes intended; and
WHEREAS, The Board finds that the public interest and necessity require that the City
at this time make arrangements for the funding loan, the project loan and the execution and
delivery of the Note; and
WHEREAS, The Note will be a limited obligation of the City, the sole source of
repayment of which shall be payments made by the Borrower under the Project Loan
Agreement (hereinafter defined), together with investment income, if any, of certain funds and
accounts held under the Funding Loan Agreement (hereinafter defined); and
WHEREAS, The City has engaged Kutak Rock LLP as bond counsel with respect to
the Note ("Bond Counsel"); and
WHEREAS, Capital One, National Association (or an affiliate thereof) (the "Funding
Lender") has expressed its intention to make the funding loan, to be evidenced by the Note, to
the City and in connection therewith, the City, the Funding Lender and the Borrower are to
enter into certain documents, including without limitation, the Funding Loan Agreement, the
Project Loan Agreement, and certain assignments, allonges and other ancillary documents;
and
WHEREAS, The Borrower provided to the City the following information as a good faith
estimate of the cost of the Note financing and the City disclosed such information in
accordance with Section 5852.1 of the California Government Code: (i) the true interest cost
of the Note, (ii) the finance charge of the Note, including all third party expenses, (iii) the
amount of proceeds received by the City for the execution and delivery of the Note less the
finance charge of the Note and any reserves or capitalized interest paid or funded with the
proceeds of the Note and (iv) the total payment amount (the "Financing Information"); and
WHEREAS, Such Financing Information has been disclosed in connection with the
Board meeting in which this Resolution is approved; now therefore, be it
RESOLVED, By this Board of Supervisors of the City and County of San Francisco as
follows:
Section 1. Approval of Recitals. The Board hereby finds and declares that the above
recitals are true and correct.
Section 2. Approval of Execution and Delivery of Note. The Board, as the applicable
elected representative of the governmental unit having jurisdiction over the area in which the
Project is located, hereby approves the plan of financing and the execution and delivery of its
multifamily housing revenue note in one or more series, including, but not limited to the Note,
pursuant to and for purposes of Section 147(f) of the Code. It is intended that this Resolution
constitute approval of the Note by the applicable elected representative of the issuer of the
Note and the applicable elected representative of the governmental unit having jurisdiction
over the area in which the Project is located, in accordance with said Section 147(f).
Additionally, in accordance with the Act and the Funding Loan Agreement, the City is
hereby authorized to execute and deliver a note or notes in one or more series and subseries
and designated as "City and County of San Francisco Multifamily Housing Revenue Note
Golden Gate Apartments Series 2026D" or such other or with such additional designation as
may be necessary or appropriate to distinguish such series from every other series of bonds
or notes, in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $18,736,700, provided that any tax
exempt portion of the Note shall not exceed the Allocation Amount, with an interest rate not to
exceed twelve percent (12%) per annum for the Note, and which shall have a final maturity
date not later than forty (40) years from the date of execution and delivery of the Note. The
Note shall be in the form set forth in and otherwise in accordance with the Funding Loan
Agreement and shall be executed by the manual or facsimile signature of the Mayor.
Section 3. Approval of Funding Loan Agreement. The Funding Loan Agreement (the
"Funding Loan Agreement") in the form presented to the Board, a copy of which is on file with
the Clerk of the Board, is hereby approved. The Funding Loan Agreement shall be entered
into by and among the City, the Funding Lender and a fiscal agent to be named therein, as
Fiscal Agent (the "Fiscal Agent"). Each of the Mayor, the Director (the "Director") of the
MOHCD, the Deputy Director of Housing of MOHCD, and any other Authorized Officer (as
such term is defined in the Funding Loan Agreement), acting individually or collectively (or a
designee of such officer in writing, each, an "Authorized City Representative") is hereby
authorized to execute the Funding Loan Agreement, approved as to form by the City Attorney
of the City (the "City Attorney"), in substantially said form, together with such additions thereto
and changes therein as the City Attorney and Bond Counsel may approve or recommend in
accordance with Section 7 hereof.
Section 4. Approval of Project Loan Agreement. The Project Loan Agreement (the
"Project Loan Agreement") by and among the City, the Fiscal Agent and the Borrower, in the
form presented to the Board, a copy of which is on file with the Clerk of the Board, is hereby
approved. Each Authorized City Representative is hereby authorized to execute the Project
Loan Agreement, approved as to form by the City Attorney, in substantially said form, together
with such additions thereto and changes therein as the City Attorney and Bond Counsel may
approve or recommend in accordance with Section 7 hereof.
Section 5. Approval of Regulatory Agreement and Declaration of Restrictive
Covenants. The Regulatory Agreement and Declaration of Restrictive Covenants (the
"Regulatory Agreement" and, together with the Funding Loan Agreement, and the Project
Loan Agreement, the "City Documents"), between the City and the Borrower, in the form
presented to the Board, a copy of which is on file with the Clerk of the Board, is hereby
approved. Each Authorized City Representative is hereby authorized to execute the
Regulatory Agreement, approved as to form by the City Attorney, in substantially said form,
together with such additions thereto and changes therein as the City Attorney and Bond
Counsel may approve or recommend in accordance with Section 7 hereof.
Section 6. Issuer Fees. The City, acting through MOHCD, shall charge an annual
issuer fee for monitoring compliance by the Borrower with certain provisions of the Regulatory
Agreement up to an amount provided for under its standard issuer fee policies, or at some
lesser amount if required upon the advice of Bond Counsel that such lesser amount is
necessary or advisable by the Code. The annual monitoring fee due during the rehabilitation
period shall be payable at Note closing. The Board hereby authorizes MOHCD to charge and
collect the fees described in this section.
Section 7. Modifications, Changes, Additions. Any Authorized City Representative
executing the City Documents, in consultation with the City Attorney and Bond Counsel, is
hereby authorized to approve and make such modifications, amendments, changes or
additions to the City Documents as may be necessary or advisable, provided that such
modification does not authorize an aggregate principal amount of the Note in excess of
$18,736,700 or an aggregate principal amount of the tax-exempt portion of the Note in excess
of the Allocation Amount, provide for a final maturity of the Note later than forty (40) years
from the date of execution and delivery thereof, or provide for the Note to bear interest at a
rate in excess of twelve percent (12%) per annum. The approval of any modification, addition
or change to any of the aforementioned documents shall be evidenced conclusively by the
execution and delivery of the document in question.
Section 8. Execution of Documents. Any document authorized herein may be
executed in multiple counterparts and any document authorized herein may be signed by
electronic means, to the extent permitted by applicable law and in consultation with the City
Attorney and Bond Counsel.
Section 9. Ratification. All actions heretofore taken by the officers and agents of the
City with respect to the funding loan and the execution and delivery of the Note consistent
with the purposes of this resolution and the City Documents are hereby approved, confirmed
and ratified.
Section 10. General Authority. The proper officers of the City (including the
Authorized City Representatives) are hereby authorized and directed, for and in the name and
on behalf of the City, to do any and all things and take any and all actions and execute and
deliver any and all certificates, agreements (including, without implied limitation, any tax
exemption documents, assignments, allonges, endorsements, subordinations, and such other
agreements to provide adequate or additional security or indemnities as required by lenders to
consummate the financing) and other documents and amendments, including but not limited
to those documents described in the City Documents, in consultation with the City Attorney,
which they, or any of them, may deem necessary or advisable in order to consummate the
lawful execution and delivery of the Note and to effectuate the purposes thereof and of the
City Documents. Any such actions are solely intended to further the purposes of this
Resolution, and are subject in all respects to the terms of the Resolution. No such actions
shall increase the risk to the City or require the City to spend any resources not otherwise
contemplated herein. Final versions of such documents shall be provided to the Clerk of the
Board for inclusion in the official file within 30 days of execution by all parties.
Section 11. File. All documents referenced herein as being on file with the Clerk of
the Board are located in , which is hereby declared to be a part of this
Resolution as if set forth fully herein.
Section 12. Effective Date. This Resolution shall take effect upon its enactment.
Enactment occurs when the Mayor signs the resolution, the Mayor returns the resolution
unsigned or does not sign the resolution within ten days of receiving it, or the Board of
Supervisors overrides the Mayor's veto of the Resolution.
APPROVED AS TO FORM:
DAVID CHIU, City Attorney
By: /s/ KENNETH DAVID ROUX
KENNETH DAVID ROUX
Deputy City Attorney
4918-3244-2024, V. 1
City and County of San Francisco City Hall
Dr. Carlton B. Goodlett Place
Tails
San Francisco, CA 94102-4689
Resolution
File Number: 260548 Date Passed: 
Resolution approving for purposes of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, authorizing the
execution and delivery of a multifamily housing revenue note in one or more series in an aggregate
principal amount not to exceed $18,736,700 for the purpose of providing financing for the rehabilitation
of a 71-unit (plus one manager's unit) multifamily rental housing project located at 1820 Post Street,
known as "Golden Gate Apartments"; approving the form of and authorizing the execution of a funding
loan agreement, providing the terms and conditions of the loan from the funding lender to the City, and
the execution and delivery of the note; approving the form of and authorizing the execution of a project
loan agreement providing the terms and conditions of the loan from the City to Golden Gate
Apartments, LP. ("Borrower"); approving the form of and authorizing the execution of a regulatory
agreement and declaration of restrictive covenants; authorizing the collection of certain fees; approving
modifications, changes and additions to the documents, as defined herein; ratifying and approving any
action heretofore taken in connection with the back-to-back loans, the note and the project, as defined
herein; and granting general authority to City officials to take actions necessary to implement this
Resolution and related matters, as defined herein.
 Budget and Finance Committee -RECOMMENDED
 Board of Supervisors -ADOPTED
Ayes: 10 - Chan, Chen, Dorsey, Mahmood, Mandelman, Melgar, Sauter, Sherrill,
Walton and Wong
Excused: 1 -Fielder
City 1111d Co1111ty ofS an Francisco Page I Pri11ted at 9:39 am on 
 I hereby certify that the foregoing
Resolution was ADOPTED on by
the Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Angela Calvillo
Clerk of the Board
<; I t I I 2l,
Daniel Lurie Date Approved
Mayor
City a11d Cou11ty ofS 1111 Fra11cisco Page2 Pri11ted at 9:39 am 011