Resolution retroactively approving Amendment No. 4 to a grant agreement between the
Office of Economic and Workforce Development and Bay Area Community Resources
(BACR) for management of the Community Economic Recovery Hubs grant; to
increase the contract amount by $1,500,000 for a total not to exceed amount of
$16,779,999 for the period of , through , effective upon
approval of this Resolution by the Board of Supervisors; and to authorize the Executive
Director of the Office of Economic and Workforce Development to enter into
amendments or modifications to the contract prior to its final execution by all parties
that do not materially increase the obligations or liabilities to the City and are
necessary to effectuate the purposes of the contract.
WHEREAS, The Office of Economic and Workforce Development (OEWD) selected
Bay Area Community Resources, Inc. (BACR) through a Request for Proposals to provide as-
needed project support services under that certain Grant Agreement by and between City and
BACR, dated as of (Original Agreement), as amended by that certain
First Amendment to Grant Agreement, dated as of (Amendment No. 1) , as
amended by that certain Second Amendment to Grant Agreement, dated as of 
(Amendment No. 2), which increased the contract amount to $14,779,999 as authorized by
Board of Supervisor's , adopted on , as further
amended by that certain Third Amendment to Grant Agreement, dated as of ,
which increased the contract amount to $15,279,999; the Original Agreement, together with
Amendment No. 1, Amendment No. 2, and Amendment No. 3, are collectively referred to as
the "Agreement," and have a term of four years; and
WHEREAS, Under the Agreement, BACR is to provide Community Economic
Recovery Hubs services, and continue to establish neighborhood-based points of entry into
the public workforce system, affiliated government agencies, and community-based
organizations for information, referral and delivery of essential workforce services for a four-
yearperiod;and
WHEREAS, Through Amendment No. 4, OEWD wishes to increase the Agreement
amount by $1,500,000 for a total not to exceed amount of $16,779,999; and
WHEREAS, Charter, Section 9.118, requires Board of Supervisors' approval of
Amendment No. 4 because it will have an impact of more than $500,000 to the Agreement;
1O now, therefore, be it
RESOLVED, That in accordance with Charter, Section 9.118, the Board of Supervisors
hereby retroactively authorizes the Executive Director of OEWD, on behalf of the City and
County of San Francisco, to amend the Agreement with BACR to increase the Agreement
amount by $1,500,000 for a total not to exceed amount of $16,779,999 for a term
commencing on , through ; and, be it
FURTHER RESOLVED, That the Board of Supervisors authorizes OEWD to enter into
any amendments or modifications to Amendment No. 4, prior to its final execution by all
parties, that the Department determines, in consultation with the City Attorney, are in the best
interest of the City, do not otherwise materially increase the obligations or liabilities of the City,
are necessary or advisable to effectuate the purposes of the contract, and are in compliance
with all applicable laws; and, be it
FURTHER RESOLVED, That within thirty (30) days of Amendment No. 4 being fully
executed by all parties, the Executive Director of OEWD and/or the Director of Office of
Contract Administration/Purchaser shall provide the final contract to the Clerk of the Board for
inclusion in the official file ().
City and County of San Francisco
City Hall
I Dr. Carlton B. Goodlett Place
Tails
San Francisco, CA 94102-4689
Resolution
File Number: 260559 Date Passed: 
Resolution retroactively approving Amendment No. 4 to a grant agreement between the Office of
Economic and Workforce Development and Bay Area Community Resources (BACR) for management
of the Community Economic Recovery Hubs grant; to increase the contract amount by $1,500,000 for a
total not to exceed amount of $16,779,999 for the period of , through ,
effective upon approval of this Resolution by the Board of Supervisors; and to authorize the Executive
Director of the Office of Economic and Workforce Development to enter into amendments or
modifications to the contract prior to its final execution by all parties that do not materially increase the
obligations or liabilities to the City and are necessary to effectuate the purposes of the contract.
 Budget and Finance Committee -REFERRED WITHOUT
RECOMMENDATION
 Board of Supervisors -ADOPTED
Ayes: 9 -Chan, Chen, Dorsey, Mahmood, Mandelman, Melgar, Sauter, Sherrill and
Wong
Excused: 2 - Fielder and Walton
 I hereby certify that the foregoing
Resolution was ADOPTED on by
the Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Angela Calvillo
Clerk of the Board
b /
/ 2/o
Daniel Lurie Date Approved
Mayor
City and County ofS an Francisco Page I Printed at 9: 39 am 011 6/J 0/26