Resolution approving the Fiscal Year (FY) 2026-2027 Interim Budget of the Office of
Community Investment and Infrastructure, operating as the Successor Agency to the
San Francisco Redevelopment Agency.
WHEREAS, The Successor Agency to the Redevelopment Agency of the City and
County of San Francisco, commonly known as the Office of Community Investment and
Infrastructure ("OCII"), is implementing enforceable obligations of the Redevelopment Agency
1O of the City and County of San Francisco ("Former Agency") in accordance with the
Community Redevelopment Law, California Health and Safety Code, Sections 33000 et seq.,
as amended by the Redevelopment Dissolution Law, California Health and Safety Code,
Sections 34170 et seq. (the "Law"), and with San Francisco City and County Board of
Supervisors ("Board of Supervisors") Ordinance No. 215-12 (Oct. 4, 2012); and
WHEREAS, OCII is a legal entity separate from the City and County of San Francisco
("City") and the Board of Supervisors approves OCll's annual interim budget in accordance
with California Health and Safety Code, Section 33606, and Ordinance No. 215-12; and
WHEREAS, The Law requires OCII to receive approval from the Oversight Board of the
City and County of San Francisco ("Oversight Board") for its expenditures as listed in
Recognized Obligation Payment Schedules ("ROPS"), which covers twelve-month fiscal
periods; on , the Oversight Board approved, by , the
ROPS for to ("ROPS 26-27"), which the California Department of
Finance ("DOF") approved on , subject to one adjustment; and
WHEREAS, Consistent with the expenditures approved in the ROPS, the Successor
Agency Commission (commonly known as the Commission on Community Investment and
Infrastructure) approved, by (), its annual budget for
FY2026-2027 (the "Budget") and authorized the Executive Director to submit the Budget for
review and approval to the Mayor and the Board of Supervisors; and
WHEREAS, The Budget includes, among other things, the use of property tax
revenues (formerly tax increment revenues) from various project areas of the former
Redevelopment Agency of the City and County of San Francisco to pay for certain
enforceable obligations consistent with the authority granted under the ROPS 26-27,
Section 34177. 7 of the California Health and Safety Code and Board of Supervisors
 (Dec. 22, 2016); and
RESOLVED, By the Board of Supervisors that it does hereby approve the Interim
Budget, as shown in Exhibit A, a copy of which is on file with the Clerk of the Board of
Supervisors in and which is declared to be a part of this Resolution and
incorporated as if set forth in full herein.
City and County of San Francisco
City Hall
I Dr. Carlton B. Goodlett Place
Tails
San Francisco, CA 94102-4689
Resolution
File Number: 260605 Date Passed: 
Resolution approving the Fiscal Year (FY) 2026-2027 Interim Budget of the Office of Community
Investment and Infrastructure, operating as the Successor Agency to the San Francisco
Redevelopment Agency.
 Budget and Appropriations Committee -RECOMMENDED
 Board of Supervisors -ADOPTED
Ayes: 10 -Chan, Chen, Dorsey, Mahmood, Mandelman, Melgar, Sauter, Sherrill,
Walton and Wong
Excused: 1 -Fielder
 I hereby certify that the foregoing
Resolution was ADOPTED on by
the Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco.
I I
2,E, ~
Daniel Lurie Date Approved
Mayor
City 11nd County ofS an Francisco P11ge I Printed 11t 9:04 am 011 6117/26