Resolution extending by 90 days the prescribed time within which the Historic
Preservation Commission may respond to a landmark designation of the Golden Gate
Spiritualist Church, located at 1901 Franklin Street, Assessor's Parcel Block No. 0617,
Lot No. 004, from the Board of Supervisors ().
WHEREAS, On , Supervisor Sherrill introduced legislation to initiate the
landmark designation of the Golden Gate Spiritualist Church located at 1901 Franklin Street,
1O Assessor's Parcel Block No. 0617, Lot No. 004; and
WHEREAS, On , the Land Use and Transportation Committee referred
the Resolution for adoption at the next board meeting; and
WHEREAS, On , the Board voted unanimously to adopt the Resolution
to initiate landmark designation, and on , became
effective (Board ); and
WHEREAS, On , the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors referred the
proposed landmark designation to the Historic Preservation Commission and Planning
Commission; and
WHEREAS, The Historic Preservation Commission shall, in accordance with Planning
Code, Section 1004.2(b), respond to landmark designations initiations from the Board within
90 days from the date of referral of the proposed landmark designation or modification by the
Board to the Commission; and
WHEREAS, The Board, in accordance with Planning Code, Section 1004.2(b), may, by
Resolution, extend the prescribed time within which the Historic Preservation Commission is
to render its decision; and
WHEREAS, Absent an extension, the Historic Preservation Commission's deadline to
act to approve, disapprove, or modify the proposed designation is , or 90 days
from the referral of the Resolution to the Historic Preservation Commission, which occurred on
; and
WHEREAS, The Board deems it appropriate in this instance to grant to the Planning
Department and Historic Preservation Commission additional time to review the proposed
landmark designation and render its decision; now, therefore, be it
RESOLVED, That by this Resolution, the Board hereby extends the prescribed time
within which the Historic Preservation Commission may render its decision on the proposed
landmark designation for approximately 90 additional days, or until .
City and County of San Francisco City Hall
l Dr. Carlton B. Goodlett Place
Tails
San Francisco, CA 94102-4689
Resolution
File Number: 260633 Date Passed: 
Resolution extending by 90 days the prescribed time within which the Historic Preservation
Commission may respond to a landmark designation of the Golden Gate Spiritualist Church, located at
1901 Franklin Street, Assessor's Parcel Block No. 0617, Lot No. 004, from the Board of Supervisors
().
 Board of Supervisors -ADOPTED
Ayes: 10 -Chan, Chen, Dorsey, Mahmood, Mandelman, Melgar, Sauter, Sherrill,
Walton and Wong
Excused: 1 -Fielder
 I hereby certify that the foregoing
Resolution was ADOPTED on by
the Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Angela Calvillo
Clerk of the Board
G I l 1 / ib
Daniel Lurie Date Approved
Mayor
City a11d Co1111ty ofS a11 Fra11cisco Page I Printed at 9:39 am 011