Resolution retroactively authorizing the Recreation and Park Department to accept and
expend grant funding in the amount of $25,000,000 from the California Department of
Parks and Recreation for the India Basin 900 Innes Project; approving the grant
contract for the period of , through ; and to authorize the
Recreation and Park Department to enter into amendments or modifications to the
Grant Agreement and to execute further agreements that do not materially increase the
obligations or liabilities of the City and are necessary to effectuate the purposes of the
1O Project or this Resolution.
WHEREAS, In 2014, the City and County of San Francisco acquired Assessor's Parcel
Block No. 4629A, Lot No. 010, Assessor's Parcel Block No. 4630, Lot No. 002, Assessor's
Parcel Block No. 4646, Lot No. 001, Assessor's Parcel Block No. 4646, Lot No. 002,
Assessor's Parcel Block No. 4646, Lot No. 003, Assessor's Parcel Block No.4646, Lot No.
003A, and Assessor's Parcel Block No. 4646, Lot No. 019 referred to as 900 Innes
("Property"); and
WHEREAS, The Property, a post-industrial brownfield site with deteriorated piers and
structures, is under the jurisdiction of the Recreation and Park Department (RPO); and
WHEREAS, The RPO, working with the Trust for Public Land (TPL), the San Francisco
Park Alliance (SFPA), and Bayview Hunters Point (BVHP) community have designed a park
for the Property; and
WHEREAS, The new park design reflects the values and the culture of the BVHP
community and will provide public access and new waterfront recreation for the community at
large; and
WHEREAS, The California State Legislature appropriated funding in the amount of
$25,000,000 to the India Basin Project in the City and County of San Francisco; and
WHEREAS, The California Department of Parks and Recreation ("Department") has
been delegated the responsibility by the Legislature for the administration of the funding
through a Specified Grant ("Grant"); and
WHEREAS, Said procedures established by the Department require the applicant's
Governing Body enter into a Grant Contract; and
WHEREAS, The Grant Contract is effective from , through ;
and
WHEREAS, , the San Francisco Recreation and Park Commission
adopted approving the Recreation and Park Department's ("RPD's")
application for Specified Grant funds, authorizing the RPO General Manager to negotiate
agreements with the State concerning the administration of the grants, and recommending
that the Board of Supervisors approve the grant contract and authorize RPO to accept and
expend the grants; and
WHEREAS, As a condition of receiving the Grant, RPO is required to agree to the
terms of the attached Grant Contract which is on file with the Clerk of the Board under File No.
and which is hereby declared to be part of this Resolution as if set forth fully herein; and
WHEREAS, The Grant terms prohibit including indirect costs in the grant budget; and
WHEREAS, The Grant will not require an amendment to the Annual Salary Ordinance;
now, therefore, be it
RESOLVED, That the Board of Supervisors retroactively authorizes the Recreation and
Park Department to accept and expend the grant; and, be it
FURTHER RESOLVED, That the Board of Supervisors hereby waives inclusion of
indirect costs as part of this Grant budget; and, be it
/Mayor Breed
FURTHER RESOLVED, That the Board of Supervisors approves the Grant Contract;
FURTHER RESOLVED, That the Board of Supervisors authorizes the RPD General
Manager to enter into any modifications and amendments to the Grant Contract including to
any of its exhibits, and authorizes the RPD General Manager to execute further agreements
related to the Project, that the RPD General Manager determines, in consultation with the City
Attorney, are in the best interests of the City and do not materially increase the obligations or
liabilities of the City, are necessary or advisable to effectuate the purposes of the Project or
this Resolution, and are in compliance with all applicable laws, including the City's Charter;
FURTHER RESOLVED, That within 30 days of the Grant Contract being fully-executed
by all parties, RPD shall provide the final Grant Contract to the Clerk of the Board for inclusion
into the official file.
Recommended: Approved: _____ ;_;:Is:.:.../ ______
/s/
Department Head Approved: _____/s_ / ______
Controller
City and County of San Francisco City Hall
Dr. Carlton B. Goodlett Place
Tails San Francisco, CA 94102-4689
Resolution
File Number: 220292 Date Passed: 
Resolution retroactively authorizing the Recreation and Park Department to accept and expend grant
funding in the amount of $25,000,000 from the California Department of Parks and Recreation for the
India Basin 900 Innes Project; approving the grant contract for the period of , through
; and to authorize the Recreation and Park Department to enter into amendments or
modifications to the Grant Agreement and to execute further agreements that do not materially
increase the obligations or liabilities of the City and are necessary to effectuate the purposes of the
Project or this Resolution.
 Budget and Finance Committee - RECOMMENDED
 Board of Supervisors -ADOPTED
Ayes: ii -Chan, Dorsey, iviandeiman, iviar, ivieigar, Peskin, Preston, Ronen,
Safai, Stefani and Walton
 I hereby certify that the foregoing
Resolution was ADOPTED on by
the Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco.
London N. Breed Date Approved
City and County ofS an Francisco Page 1 Printed at 1:22 pm 011 5125122