SUBSTITUTED
 RESOLUTION N0.264-22

Resolution renaming Hahn Street, between Visitacion Avenue and Sunnydale Avenue,
to "Mrs. Jackson Way;" with additional post passage directives to Public Works,
Municipal Transportation Agency, and the County Surveyor.
WHEREAS, Dr. Ruth Marie Jackson was a loving mother, grandmother, sister, aunt,
cousin, friend, and community leader in Sunnydale and the larger Visitacion Valley
neighborhood for more than five decades; and
WHEREAS, Dr. Ruth Marie Jackson owned and operated a licensed home daycare
offering childcare and play experiences for more than four decades; and
WHEREAS, Dr. Ruth Marie Jackson was an education specialist with the San
Francisco Unified School District for over 22 years serving the people of San Francisco; and
WHEREAS, The annual, daylong celebration began in 1998 when then Mayor Willie
Brown dedicated Ruth Jackson Family Day in honor of the longtime educator and Visitacion
Valley community leader; and
WHEREAS, Dr. Ruth Marie Jackson received her Honorary Doctorate in Humanities
from Sacramento Theological Seminary & Bible College on ; and
WHEREAS, Dr. Ruth Marie Jackson established the parade and fair, to bring local
families together and break the invisible barriers dividing the community; and
WHEREAS, Visitacion Valley, located in the far southeastern portion of San Francisco,
is both isolated and racked by poverty; and
WHEREAS, The Sunnydale neighborhood, which was originally built as temporary
housing for returning soldiers after World War II, is the largest public housing project in the
I
I! city; and
WHEREAS, Dr. Ruth Marie Jackson was honored by Mayor London N. Breed in 2019
for her lifelong commitment to public service; and
WHEREAS, Dr. Ruth Marie Jackson left this world suddenly on , at
the age of 77; and
WHEREAS, Dr. Ruth Marie Jackson always said, "If I got it, then it makes no sense to
keep it, if somebody is in need. Giving is what we're supposed to do"; now, therefore, be it
RESOLVED, That pursuant to its authority under California Government Code, Section
34091.1 and California Streets and Highways Code, Sections 970.5 and 5026, the Board of
Supervisors hereby renames Hanh Street, between Sunnydale Avenue and Visitacion
Avenue, to "Mrs. Jackson Way" to honor Mrs. Jackson's legacy, and to make clear that the
City and County of San Francisco stands with its Black and Pacific Islander communities
during this extraordinarily difficult time for those communities; and, be it
FURTHER RESOLVED, That the Board of Supervisors directs the Municipal
Transportation Agency to erect street signs in accordance with Transportation Code, Section
2.2, which signs should indicate both the new and the former names of the street affected by
this Resolution-the new street name, "Mrs. Jackson Way," in large letters and the former
name, "Hahn Street," in smaller letters above or beneath the new name-and such signs
indicating the two street names shall remain posted for five years and then replaced with
signs indicating only the new street name "Mrs. Jackson Way"; and, be it
FURTHER RESOLVED, That in adopting this legislation, the Board of Supervisors
does not intend to effectuate any change in City department jurisdictional control over the
public right-of-way to be renamed as "Mrs. Jackson Way"; and, be it
FURTHER RESOLVED, That the Board of Supervisors directs the Clerk of the Board
to promptly forward a copy of this Resolution to the County Surveyor in accordance with
California Streets and Highways Code, Section 5026, and that the County Surveyor include
the new street name on the Official Map of the City; and, be it
FURTHER RESOLVED, That the Board of Supervisors directs the Department of
Public Works to add "Mrs. Jackson Way" to the City's official list of street names.
City and County of San Francisco City Hall
I Dr. Carlton B. Goodlett Place
Tails San Francisco, CA 94102-4689
Resolution
File Number: 220401 Date Passed: 
Resolution renaming Hahn Street, between Visitacion Avenue and Sunnydale Avenue, to "Mrs.
Jackson Way;" with additional post passage directives to Public Works, the Municipal Transportation
Agency, and the County Surveyor.
 Board of Supervisors - REFERRED
 Land Use and Transportation Committee - RECOMMENDED AS
COMMITTEE REPORT
 Board of Supervisors -ADOPTED
Ayes: 11 - Chan, Dorsey, Mandelman, Mar, Melgar, Peskin, Preston. Ronen.
Safai, Stefani and Walton
 I hereby certify that the foregoing
Resolution was ADOPTED on by
the Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Unsigned 
London N. Breed Date Approved
Mayor
I hereby certify that the foregoing resolution, not being signed by the Mayor within the time limit
as set forth in Section 3.103 of the Charter, or time waived pursuant to Board Rule 2.14.2,
became effective without her approval in accordance with the provision of said Section 3.103 of
the Charter or Board Rule 2.14.2.
City and County ofS an Francisco Page 1 Printed al 1: 19 pm on