Resolution authorizing the Executive Director of the Port of San Francisco to execute a
Mutual Termination Agreement for Port Lease No. L-7491 and Port Lease No. L-9171
between the Port of San Francisco and Alioto Fish Company Ltd., for the restaurant
premises located at 2829 Taylor Street and the associated warehouse premises located
at 360 Jefferson Street; and to authorize the Executive Director of the Port of San
Francisco to enter into amendments or modifications to the Mutual Termination
Agreement that do not materially increase the obligations or liabilities to the City and
1O are necessary to effectuate the purposes of this Resolution.
WHEREAS, California Statutes of 1968, Chapter 1333 (the "Burton Act") and Charter,
Sections 4.114 and 83.581 empower the Port Commission with the power and duty to use,
conduct, operate, maintain, manage, regulate, and control the Port area of the City and
County of San Francisco; and
WHEREAS, Alioto Fish Company, Ltd. (the "Tenant") is the current tenant under Port
Lease No. L-7491 for the premises known as Alioto's Restaurant, located at 2829 Taylor
Street; and
WHEREAS, The term of Port Lease No. L-7491is66 years, commencing ,
and expiring ; and
WHEREAS, The Tenant is also the current tenant under Port Lease No. L-9171 for
approximately 15,820 square feet of associated warehouse space at 360 Jefferson Street;
and
WHEREAS, The term of Port Lease No. L-9171 is 61 years and one month,
commencing , and expiring ; and
WHEREAS, The Port and the Tenant now wish to agree on an orderly termination of
Port Lease No. L-7491 and Port Lease No. L-9171, per the terms of the Mutual Termination
Agreement on file with the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors (the "Mutual Termination
Agreement"); and
WHEREAS, The Mutual Termination Agreement requires payment of lease termination
fees by the Tenant, the surrender of security deposits to the Port, and other agreements
relating to the release of claims and wind down of the lease relationship; and
WHEREAS, On , through Resolution 22-20, the Port Commission
approved the Mutual Termination Agreement; and authorized the Executive Director or her
1O designee to execute it, and
WHEREAS, Charter, Section 9.118, requires Board of Supervisors' approval of the
termination of any lease which when entered into was for a period of ten or more years or
having anticipated revenue to the City of one million dollars or more; now, therefore, be it
RESOLVED, That the Board of Supervisors approves the Mutual Termination
Agreement and authorizes the Port Executive Director or her designee to execute the Mutual
Termination Agreement of Port Lease No. L-7491 and Port Lease No. L-9171 between the
Port of San Francisco and the Tenant; and, be it
FURTHER RESOLVED, That the Board of Supervisors authorizes the Executive
Director to enter into any additions, amendments or other modifications to the Mutual
Termination Agreement that the Executive Director, in consultation with the City Attorney,
determines, when taken as a whole, to be in the best interest of the Port, do not materially
increase the obligations or liabilities of the City or the Port, and are necessary or advisable to
complete the transactions which this Resolution contemplates and effectuate the purpose and
intent of this Resolution, such determination to be conclusively evidenced by the execution
and delivery by the Executive Director of such documents; and, be it
FURTHER RESOLVED, That within thirty (30) days of the Mutual Termination
Agreement being fully executed by all parties, the Port of San Francisco shall provide the final
agreement to the Clerk of the Board for inclusion into the official file.
City and County of San Francisco City Hall
I Dr. Carlton B. Goodlett Place
Tails San Francisco, CA 94102-4689
Resolution
File Number: 220438 Date Passed: 
Resolution authorizing the Executive Director of the Port of San Francisco to execute a Mutual
Termination Agreement for Port Lease No. L-7491 and Port Lease No. L-9171 between the Port of
San Francisco and Alioto Fish Company Ltd., for the restaurant premises located at 2829 Taylor
Street and the associated warehouse premises located at 360 Jefferson Street; and to authorize the
Executive Director of the Port of San Francisco to enter into amendments or modifications to the
Mutual Termination Agreement that do not materially increase the obligations or liabilities to the City
and are necessary to effectuate the purposes of this Resolution.
 Budget and Finance Committee - RECOMMENDED
 Board of Supervisors -ADOPTED
Ayes: 10 -Chan, Dorsey, Mandeiman, Mar, Meigar, Peskin, Preston, Ronen, Safai
and Walton
Excused: 1 - Stefani
 I hereby certify that the foregoing
Resolution was ADOPTED on by
the Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco.
London N. Breed Date Approved
Mayor
City and County ofS an Francisco Page 1 Printed at 8:51 arn on 6115122