Resolution confirming report of delinquent charges for overdue Administrative Civil
Penalties and recovery of costs for violations of Health Code, Article 21, the
unauthorized releases of hazardous material(s), observed at Assessor's Parcel Block
No. 0798, Lot No. 031 (930 Grove Street), submitted by the Director of Public Health, as
modified to the date of adoption of this Resolution, and creating special assessments
and liens based thereon.
1O WHEREAS, The San Francisco Department of Public Health issued Administrative
Civil Penalties and cost recovery to the owner of Assessor's Parcel Block No. 0798, Lot No.
031 (930 Grove Street) pursuant to Sections 1131, 1133, 1134(c), 1150, 1151 (a), 1151 (c),
1155(b), and 1176 of the San Francisco Health Code and Article XX of Chapter 10 of the San
Francisco Administrative Code; and
WHEREAS, On , and , the Department of Public
Health issued Notices of Non-Payment and Proposed Liens to the property owner and
responsible parties due to non-remittance of payment indicating that the Department of Public
Health would initiate lien proceedings if the delinquency on past due invoices was not timely
paid; and
WHEREAS, The Board of Supervisors held a duly-noticed public hearing on , in which the Board considered any and all objections to the Department of Public
Health's Report of Delinquent Accounts for Code Enforcement Cases with Delinquent
Assessment of Costs and Penalties as modified, and as shown, on file with the Clerk of Board
of Supervisors in and by reference made a part hereof; now, therefore, be it
RESOLVED, That this Board does hereby confirm said report and assessment of costs
on file with the Clerk of Board of Supervisors in , which is hereby declared to
be a part of this Resolution as if set forth fully herein; and, be it
FURTHER RESOLVED, That the Clerk of the Board is hereby directed to transmit a
certified copy of this Resolution, and its attached report, to the Treasurer and Tax Collector
who shall cause the amount of said assessment to be added to the next regular bill for taxes
levied against the property, with a clear notation thereof on said bill.
City and County of San Francisco City Hall
Dr. Carlton B. Goodlett Place
Tails San Francisco, CA 94102-4689
Resolution
File Number: 220442 Date Passed: 
Resolution confirming report of delinquent charges for overdue Administrative Civil Penalties and
recovery of costs for violations of Health Code, Article 21, the unauthorized releases of hazardous
material(s), observed at Assessor's Parcel Block No. 0798, Lot No. 031 (930 Grove Street),
submitted by the Director of Public Health, as modified to the date of adoption of this Resolution, and
creating special assessments and liens based thereon.
 Board of Supervisors -ADOPTED
Ayes: 11 -Chan, Dorsey, Mandelman, Mar, Melgar, Peskin, Preston, Ronen,
Safai, Stefani and Walton
 I hereby certify that the foregoing
Resolution was ADOPTED on by
the Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco.
London N. Breed Date Approved
Mayor
City and County ofS an Francisco Page I Printed at 1:22 pm 0115125122