Resolution modifying the management district plan for the Dog patch and Northwest
Potrero Hill Green Benefit District, to combine capital and maintenance budget
categories so that the District will have greater flexibility to allocate funds; and finding
that the proposed modifications will not result in a new or increased assessment.
WHEREAS, Pursuant to the Property and Business Improvement Law of 1994,
California Streets and Highways Code, Sections 36600, et seq. ("1994 Act"), as augmented
by Article 15A of the San Francisco Business and Tax Regulations Code ("Article 15A"), the
Board of Supervisors adopted () to approve a
management district plan ("the Management Plan") and engineer's report ("the Engineer's
Report") for the Dogpatch & Northwest Potrero Hill Green Benefit District ("the GBD"); and
WHEREAS, The Board of Supervisors adopted , which declared the
Board's intention to modify the Management Plan for the GBD, to allow for the allocation of
funds between Capital Improvement and Maintenance budget categories as described in the
proposed Amended Management Plan (dated ), and pursuant to a
Certification from the registered Engineer who prepared the original Engineer's Report, finding
that the proposed modification does not impose a new or increased assessment and does not
affect the conclusion in the Engineer's Report that the assessments are in proportion to the
special benefits received by each of the assessed parcels; the Resolution of Intention also
directed the Clerk of the Board of Supervisors to include copies of the Amended Management
Plan and Certification in , to set a public hearing on the proposed
modifications on , at 3:00 p.m., in the Board's Legislative Chamber located on
the Second Floor of City Hall, 1 Dr. Carlton B. Goodlett Place, San Francisco, California, and
to give notice of the public hearing as required by law; and
WHEREAS, The public hearing took place as noticed, the testimony of all interested
persons for or against was heard and considered, and a full, fair and complete meeting and
hearing was held; and
WHEREAS, The public interest, convenience, and necessity support the acceptance of
the proposed modifications to the Management Plan; now, therefore, be it
RESOLVED, That the Board of Supervisors declares as follows:
Section 1. Pursuant to Section 36636 of the 1994 Act, the Board of Supervisors
approves the Certification letter and approves the Amended Management Plan, so that the
Owners' Association can combine the Maintenance and Capital Improvement budget
categories and receive greater flexibility to allocate funds between those categories, as stated
in the Amended Management Plan. The proposed modifications do not alter the approved
boundary maps for the district, do not result in any new or increased assessments on any
parcels in the GBD, and do not materially change the special benefits that the GBD provides
to the assessed parcels. Reference may be made to the detailed maps and list of parcels
identified by Assessor Parcel Number that are contained in the Amended Management Plan,
in order to determine which specific parcels are in the GBD. A copy of the Amended
Management Plan and Certification letter are both on file with the Clerk of the Board of
Supervisors in , and are declared to be a part of this Resolution as if set forth
fully herein.
Section 2. Within the area encompassed by the GBD, the City currently provides
services at the same level provided to other similar areas of the City. It is the intent of the
Board of Supervisors to continue to provide the area encompassed by the GBD with the same
level of services provided to these other similar areas of the City. The proposed modification
of the Management Plan will not affect this policy.
Section 3. The Planning Department has determined that the actions contemplated in
this Resolution are in compliance with the California Environmental Quality Act (California
Public Resources Code, Sections 21000 et seq.). Said determination is on file with the Clerk
of the Board of Supervisors in and is declared to be a part of this Resolution
as if set forth fully herein.
City and County of San Francisco City Hall
I Dr. Carlton B. Goodlett Place
Tails San Francisco, CA 94102-4689
Resolution
File Number: 220525 Date Passed: 
Resolution modifying the Management District Plan for the Dogpatch and Northwest Potrero Hill
Green Benefit District, to combine capital and maintenance budget categories so that the District will
have greater flexibility to allocate funds; and finding that the proposed modifications will not result in a
new or increased assessment.
 Board of Supervisors -ADOPTED
Ayes: 11 -Chan, Dorsey, Mandelman, Mar, Melgar, Peskin, Preston, Ronen,
Safai, Stefani and Walton
 I hereby certify that the foregoing
Resolution was ADOPTED on by
the Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco.
London N. Breed Date Approved
Mayor
City and County ofS an Francisco Page 1 Primed at 1:19 pm on