Resolution authorizing the issuance and delivery of tax-exempt multifamily housing
revenue bonds in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $71,076,486 and of
taxable multifamily housing revenue bonds in an aggregate principal amount not to
exceed $18,923,514 for the purpose of providing financing for the construction of a
221-unit, affordable multifamily residential rental housing project located at 600-7th
Street within the City, for a total amount not to exceed $90,000,000; approving the form
of and authorizing the execution of a trust indenture providing terms and conditions of
1O the bonds; approving the form of and authorizing the execution of a regulatory
agreement and declaration of restrictive covenants; approving the form of and
authorizing the execution of a loan agreement; authorizing the collection of certain
fees, as defined herein; ratifying and approving any action heretofore taken in
connection with the bonds and the project, as defined herein; granting general
authority to City officials to take actions necessary to implement this Resolution, as
defined herein; and related matters, as defined herein.
WHEREAS, The Board of Supervisors of the City and County of San Francisco (the
"Board") desires to provide for a portion of the costs of the construction by Mercy Housing
California 97, L.P., a California limited partnership (the "Borrower"), of a 221-unit (including
one manager's unit), mixed use, residential rental housing development located at 600-7th
Street, San Francisco, California, (the "Project"), to provide housing for persons and families
of low and very low income through the issuance of multifamily housing revenue bonds; and
WHEREAS, The City and County of San Francisco (the "City") is authorized to issue
revenue bonds for such purpose pursuant to the Charter of the City, Article I of Chapter 43 of
the Administrative Code of the City and, to the extent applicable, Chapter 7 of Part 5 of
Division 31 (commencing with Section 52075) of the Health and Safety Code of the State of
California ("Health and Safety Code"), as now in effect and as it may from time to time
hereafter be amended or supplemented (collectively, the "Act"); and
WHEREAS, Any Bonds (hereinafter defined) to be issued to finance the Project will be
limited obligations of the City, the sole source of repayment for which shall be payments made
by the Borrower or collateral security pledged by or for the Borrower, together with investment
income on certain funds and accounts; and
WHEREAS, The interest on the Tax-Exempt Bonds (hereinafter defined) may qualify
1O for tax exemption under Section 103 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended, (the
"Code"), only if the Tax-Exempt Bonds are approved in accordance with Section 147(f) of the
Code; and
WHEREAS, This Board is the elected legislative body of the City and is the applicable
elected representative required to approve the issuance of the Bonds within the meaning of
Section 147(f) of the Code; and
WHEREAS, On , the City published a notice on the City's website
regarding its intent to hold a public hearing with respect to the issuance of multifamily housing
revenue bonds in an amount not to exceed $90,000,000 to finance the Project, and said
hearing was held on , by the Mayor's Office of Housing and Community
Development and an opportunity was provided for persons to comment on the issuance of the
Bonds and the financing of the Project; and
WHEREAS, Thereafter, on , pursuant to , this
Board approved the issuance of multifamily housing revenue bonds, in an amount not to
exceed $90,000,000, for the purposes of Section 147(f) of the Code, declared its intent to
issue multifamily housing revenue bonds and authorized officers of the City to submit an
application and related documents to the California Debt Limit Allocation Committee
("CD LAC") and take other actions in connection with the proposed financing of the Project;
and
WHEREAS, On , CDLAC, in its , allocated
$71,076,486 in qualified private activity bond volume cap to the Project; and
WHEREAS, There has been prepared and presented to this Board for consideration at
this meeting the documentation required for the issuance of the Tax-Exempt Bonds (as
defined herein) and the Taxable Bonds (as defined herein, and together with the Tax-Exempt
Bonds, the "Bonds"), and such documentation is on file with the Clerk of the Board of
Supervisors (the "Clerk of the Board"); and
WHEREAS, It appears that each of the documents which is now before this Board is
substantially in appropriate form and is an appropriate instrument to be executed and
delivered for the purposes intended; and
WHEREAS, This Board finds that public interest and necessity require that the City at
this time make arrangements for the sale of the Bonds; and
WHEREAS, The City has engaged Squire Patton Boggs (US) LLP, and The Law Office
of Monica M. Baranovsky, as co-bond counsel with respect to the Bonds ("Co-Bond
Counsel"); and
WHEREAS, JPMorgan Chase Bank, N.A. has expressed its intention to purchase, or
cause an affiliate to purchase, the Bonds authorized hereby; now, therefore, be it
RESOLVED, By this Board of Supervisors of the City and County of San Francisco as
follows:
Section 1. Approval of Recitals. This Board hereby finds and declares that the
recitals are true and correct.
Section 2. Approval of Issuance of Bonds. In accordance with the Act and the
Indenture (hereinafter defined), the City is hereby authorized to issue and deliver (i) tax-
exempt multifamily housing revenue bonds (the "Tax-Exempt Bonds") designated as "City and
County of San Francisco, California Multifamily Housing Revenue Bonds (600-7th Street
Apartments) Series 2022B-1 ,"in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $71 ,076,486,
and (ii) taxable multifamily housing revenue bonds (the Taxable Bonds") designated as "City
and County of San Francisco, California Taxable Multifamily Housing Revenue Bonds (600-
7th Street Apartments) Series 2022B-2" in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed
$18,923,514; each with such additional or other designation as may be necessary or
1O appropriate to distinguish such series from every other series of bonds of the City, with an
interest rate not to exceed twelve percent (12%) per annum, and each with a final maturity
date not later than forty-five (45) years from the date of issuance of the Bonds. The Bonds
shall be in the form set forth in and otherwise in accordance with the Indenture, and shall be
executed by the manual signature of the Mayor of the City (the "Mayor") and as further
provided in the Indenture.
Section 3. Indenture. The Trust Indenture (the "Indenture"), by and between the City
and a trustee, to be determined after the adoption of this Resolution (the "Trustee"), in the
form presented to this Board, a copy of which is on file with the Clerk of the Board, is hereby
approved. Each of the Mayor, the Director of the Mayor's Office of Housing and Community
Development or any other Authorized City Representative (as such term is defined in the
Indenture) of the City (collectively, the "Authorized Officers") is hereby authorized to execute
the Indenture in said form, together with such additions thereto and changes therein as the
City Attorney and Co-Bond Counsel may approve or recommend in accordance with Section
hereof.
Section 4. Regulatory Agreement and Declaration of Restrictive Covenants. The
Regulatory Agreement and Declaration of Restrictive Covenants (the "Regulatory
Agreement"), by and between the City and the Borrower, in the form presented to this Board,
a copy of which is on file with the Clerk of the Board, is hereby approved. Each Authorized
Officer is hereby authorized to execute the Regulatory Agreement, in said form, together with
such additions thereto and changes therein as the City Attorney and Co-Bond Counsel may
Section 5. Approval of Loan Agreement. The Loan Agreement (the "Loan
Agreement"), by and between the City and the Borrower, in the form presented to this Board,
1O a copy of which is on file with the Clerk of the Board, is hereby approved. Each Authorized
Officer is hereby authorized to execute the Loan Agreement in said form, together with such
additions thereto and changes therein as the City Attorney and Co-Bond Counsel may
Section 6. Issuer Fees. The City, acting through the Mayor's Office of Housing and
Community Development, shall charge a fee for the administrative costs associated with
issuing the Bonds (the "Issuance Fee") in an amount not to exceed 0.25% of the maximum
aggregate principal amount of the Bonds. Such fee shall be payable at closing and may be
contingent on the issuance of the Bonds. The City shall also charge an annual fee (the
"Annual Fees") for monitoring compliance with the provisions of the Regulatory Agreement in
an amount not to exceed 0.125% of the outstanding aggregate principal amount of the Bonds,
but no less than $2,500 annually, for the term of the Regulatory Agreement. The Board
hereby authorizes the Mayor's Office of Housing and Community Development to charge and
collect, or appoint an agent, which may be the Trustee, to collect on behalf of the City, the
fees described in this section. Notwithstanding the foregoing provisions of this Section, the
City, acting through the Mayor's Office of Housing and Community Development, is
authorized to charge an Issuance Fee or Annual Fees, or both, that is or are lower than the
fees prescribed in this Section if, upon the advice of Co-Bond Counsel, lower fees are
necessary or advisable to ensure that the Tax-Exempt Bonds do not become "arbitrage
bonds" within the meaning of Section 148 of the Internal Revenue Code of 1986, as amended,
or to ensure that interest on the Tax-Exempt Bonds does not become includable in gross
income for federal income tax purposes.
Section 7. Modifications, Changes, Additions. Any Authorized Officer executing the
Indenture, the Loan Agreement or the Regulatory Agreement (collectively, the "City
Agreements"), in consultation with the City Attorney and Co-Bond Counsel, is hereby
authorized to approve and make such modifications, changes or additions to the City
Agreements as may be necessary or advisable, provided that such modification does not
authorize an aggregate principal amount of the Tax-Exempt Bonds in excess of $71,076,486
and the Taxable Bonds in excess of $18,923,514, provide for a final maturity on either series
of Bonds later than forty-five (45) years from the date of issuance of the Bonds, or provide for
the Bonds to bear interest at a rate in excess of twelve percent (12%) per annum. The
approval of any modification, addition or change to any of the City Agreements shall be
evidenced conclusively by the execution and delivery of the document in question.
Section 8. Ratification. All actions heretofore taken by the officers and agents of the
City with respect to the sale, issuance and delivery of the Bonds, as consistent with the City
Agreements and this Resolution, are hereby approved, confirmed and ratified.
Section 9. General Authority. The proper officers of the City, including but not limited
to the Authorized Officers, are hereby authorized and directed, for and in the name and on
behalf of the City, to do any and all things and take any and all actions and execute and
deliver any and all certificates, agreements and other documents (including but not limited to
any certificates necessary to allocate a portion of the previously-obtained voter approval of
low rent housing projects pursuant to Article 34 of the State Constitution to the Project, if
applicable), subordinations, assignments, tax documents and those documents described in
the City Agreements, which they, or any of them, may deem necessary or advisable in order
to consummate the lawful issuance and delivery of the Bonds and to effectuate the purposes
thereof and of the City Agreements. Any such actions are solely intended to further the
purposes of this Resolution, and are subject in all respects to the terms of the Resolution. No
such actions shall increase the risk to the City or require the City to spend any resources not
otherwise granted herein. Final versions of any such documents shall be provided to the
Clerk of the Board for inclusion in the official file within 30 days of execution by all parties.
1O Section 10. File. All documents referenced herein as being on file with the Clerk of
the Board are located in , which is hereby declared to be a part of this
Resolution as set forth fully herein.
APPROVED AS TO FORM:
DAVID CHIU
City Attorney
By: ls/Heidi J. Gewertz
Heidi J. Gewertz
Deputy City Attorney
n:\financ\as2022\2100192\01597662.docx
City and County of San Francisco City Hall
Dr. Carlton B. Goodlett Place
Tails San Francisco, CA 94102-4689
Resolution
File Number: 220512 Date Passed: 
Resolution authorizing the issuance and delivery of tax-exempt multifamily housing revenue bonds in
an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $71,076,486 and of taxable multifamily housing revenue
bonds in an aggregate principal amount not to exceed $18,923,514 for the purpose of providing
financing for the construction of a 221-unit, affordable multifamily residential rental housing project
located at 600-7th Street within the City, for a total amount not to exceed $90,000,000; approving the
form of and authorizing the execution of a trust indenture providing terms and conditions of the
bonds; approving the form of and authorizing the execution of a regulatory agreement and
declaration of restrictive covenants; approving the form of and authorizing the execution of a loan
agreement; authorizing the collection of certain fees, as defined herein; ratifying and approving any
action heretofore taken in connection with the bonds and the project, as defined herein; granting
general authority to City officials to take actions necessary to implement this Resolution, as defined
herein; and related matters, as defined herein.
 Budget and Finance Committee - RECOMMENDED
 Board of Supervisors -ADOPTED
Ayes: 11 -Chan, Dorsey, Mandelman, Mar, Melgar, Peskin, Preston, Ronen,
Safai, Stefani and Walton
 I hereby certify that the foregoing
Resolution was ADOPTED on by
the Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco.
London N. Breed Date Approved
Mayor
City and County ofS an Francisco Page I Printed at 1:22 pm 011 5125122