Resolution supporting California State Assembly Bill No. 2417, Juveniles: Youth Bill of
Rights, authored by Assembly Member Phil Ting, to extend the protections outlined in
the Youth Bill of Rights to youth confined in any juvenile justice facility.
WHEREAS, Existing law establishes the Youth Bill of Rights, which includes the right to
live in a safe, healthy, and clean environment conducive to treatment and rehabilitation, to
contact attorneys, ombudspersons, and other advocates regarding conditions of confinement
1O or violations of rights, and to receive a quality education; and
WHEREAS, In 2020, the state legislature passed California Senate Bill No. 823,
Juvenile Justice Realignment: Office of Youth and Community Restoration (SB 823),
establishing the Office of Youth and Community Restoration (OYCR) and ending intake at the
state Division of Juvenile Justice (DJJ) on ; and
WHEREAS, In 2021, the state legislature passed California Senate Bill No. 92,
Juvenile Justice (SB 92), mandating the closure of the DJJ by ; and
WHEREAS, Youth incarcerated at DJJ have a Bill of Rights and state law requires
youth are informed of these rights; and
WHEREAS, Starting in 2023, all incarcerated youth will be held in county facilities; and
WHEREAS, When the DJJ closes, the Youth Bill of Rights will no longer exist; and
WHEREAS, California State Assembly Bill No. 2417 (AB 2417) would extend these
protections to youth incarcerated in local facilities, requiring youth be informed of these rights
and that a mechanism, the Division of the Ombudsperson of the Office of Youth and
Community Restoration, exist for youth to report violations of those rights; and
WHEREAS, This bill would require that youth be provided with a document outlining
these rights and that local facilities post these rights; and
WHEREAS, This bill outlines protections that already exist under the law such as
freedom from harassment, access to adequate medical services, and protections against
discrimination based on gender expression and/or immigration status; and
WHEREAS, AB 2417 passed though the Assembly Public Safety Committee with
bipartisan support; now, therefore, be it
RESOLVED, The Board of Supervisors is committed to juvenile justice reform and
protecting the rights of all juvenile justice involved youth; and, be it
FURTHER RESOLVED, That the Board of Supervisors announces its support for
Assembly Bill No. 2417, Juveniles: Youth Bill of Rights; and, be it
FURTHER RESOLVED, That the Board of Supervisors urges California Governor
Gavin Newsom to sign Assembly Bill No. 2417 into law; and, be it
FURTHER RESOLVED, That the Board of Supervisors hereby directs the Clerk of the
Board to transmit a copy of this Resolution to the California Governor, California State
Legislature as well as the bill's primary sponsor, California Assembly Member Phil Ting no
later than 30 days upon passage of this Resolution.
City and County of San Francisco City Hall
Dr. Carlton B. Goodlett Place
Tails San Francisco, CA 94102-4689
Resolution
File Number: 220616 Date Passed: 
Resolution supporting California State Assembly Bill No. 2417, Juveniles: Youth Bill of Rights,
authored by Assembly Member Phil Ting, to extend the protections outlined in the Youth Bill of Rights
to youth confined in any juvenile justice facility.
 Board of Supervisors -ADOPTED
Ayes: 11 -Chan, Dorsey, Mandelman, Mar, Melgar, Peskin, Preston, Ronen,
Safai, Stefani and Walton
 I hereby certify that the foregoing
Resolution was ADOPTED on by
the Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco.
London N. Breed Date Approved
Mayor
I hereby certify that the foregoing resolution, not being signed by the Mayor within the time limit
as set forth in Section 3.103 of the Charter, or time waived pursuant to Board Rule 2.14.2,
became effective without her approval in accordance with the provision of said Section 3.103 of
the Charter or Board Rule 2.14.2.
Angela Calvillo
Clerk of the Board
City mu/ County ofS1111 Francisco Page I Printed at 1:22 pm 0115125122