Resolution urging St. Mary's Medical Center and Dignity Health to return to the
bargaining table in order to negotiate contract language that protects the rights of
resident physicians and attracts medical students to San Francisco to complete their
residency.
WHEREAS, The Committee of Interns and Residents - Service Employees
International Union (CIR-SEIU) represents resident physicians at St. Mary's Medical Center,
which is an affiliate of Dignity Health, and are currently engaged in contract negotiations; and
WHEREAS, Resident Physicians within CIR-SEIU have been on the frontlines of the
COVID-19 pandemic and are the primary caregivers for the sick, the vulnerable, the acute and
other disenfranchised constituents across the City and County of San Francisco; and
WHEREAS, St. Mary's Medical Center's resident physicians are experiencing high
rates of stress and burnout that are only exacerbated by financial anxiety caused by the high
cost of housing in San Francisco, accelerated inflation, and increasing student debt, which
averages a quarter million dollars per resident physician; and
WHEREAS, The physician shortage in California and San Francisco is worsening and
there are estimates of a statewide shortfall of 4,700 primary care providers and an additional
4,100 providers by the year 2030; and
WHEREAS, In the most recent academic year, St. Mary's Medical Center was unable
to attract a full complement of medical students who ranked this program among their
possible residency options, suggesting a lack of competitive pay and benefits; and
WHEREAS, Data shows that a physician is 55% more likely to stay in a community
where they conduct their residency; and
Supeivisors Chan; Preston, Walton. Safai
WHEREAS, San Francisco has become the most expensive place to live in the state of
California, and one of the most expensive in the United States; and
WHEREAS, St. Mary's Medical Center is the lowest paid residency program in San
Francisco and the East Bay; and
WHEREAS, Collective bargaining is the most effective way for resident physicians at
St. Mary's Medical Center to secure safe working conditions and salaries and benefits that
allow them to live and work in San Francisco and continue to provide high quality patient care;
and
WHEREAS, A labor dispute involving Resident Physicians at St. Mary's and their
employer will likely result in the disruption of necessary patient care and life saving medical
treatments for San Francisco residents; and
WHEREAS, A strong collective bargaining agreement can be a tool to attract the best
and brightest medical students from across the country to complete their residency in San
Francisco; now, therefore, be it; now, therefore, be it
RESOLVED, That the Board of Supervisors of the City and County of San Francisco
urges St. Mary's Medical Center and, by extension, Dignity Health to immediately return to the
bargaining table and negotiate contract language that protects the rights of resident
physicians and attracts medical students to San Francisco to complete their residency.
Supervisors Chan; Preston, Walton, Safai
City and County of San Francisco City Hall
I Dr. Carlton B. Goodlett Place
Tails San Francisco, CA 94102-4689
Resolution
File Number: 220711 Date Passed: 
Resolution urging St. Mary's Medical Center and Dignity Health to return to the bargaining table in
order to negotiate contract language that protects the rights of resident physicians and attracts
medical students to San Francisco to complete their residency.
 Board of Supervisors -ADOPTED
Ayes: 10 -Chan, Dorsey, Mandelman, Mar, Melgar, Peskin, Preston, Ronen, Safai
and Walton
Excused: 1 - Stefani
 I hereby certify that the foregoing
Resolution was ADOPTED on by
the Board of Supervisors of the City and
County of San Francisco.
Angela Calvillo
Clerk of the Board
Unsigned 
London N. Breed Date Approved
Mayor
I hereby certify that the foregoing resolution, not being signed by the Mayor within the time limit
as set forth in Section 3. 103 of the Charter, or time waived pursuant to Board Rule 2.14.2,
became effective without her approval in accordance with the provisi'on of said Section 3.103 of
the Charter or Board Rule 2.14.2.
Date
Ci.Jy and County ofS an Francisco Page J Printed at 8: 51 am on 6/15122